For this assignment, my target audience is people that do not know me very well personally, such as
people I have only spoken once or twice with or people who know me through the internet. A persona
would be Will, a 18 year old guy who knows me through internet forums on Naruto (an anime). He would
want to come to the website to know more about me personally, but he would also look for some fun
stuff to do because this is not a investigation but just something to do in his sparetime. He might
talk about the website with a few of his friends. 

For the overall theme of my page, I chose the sea. I oriented the background and color scheme to fit 
this theme. The blues and white and the header image create a feeling of the sea. I also chose the
navigation bar color and the color of the links to be consistent with my theme. I chose the sea as
a theme because I feel that it represents me and because I like the sea a lot. The blue color scheme
also creates a soothing feeling and will help viewers to relax. I also put a lot of white on the page
because I don't want viewers to be overwhelmed with color. I want the page to be interesting but not
too busy. 

For my header and navigation font I chose Tekton Pro because it gives a funky, more flavored feeling.
For the font for the bulk of the writing I chose Tahoma because it is not very fancy so that viewers
would not have a hard time reading great chunks of fancy text. Both text types are of sans-serif 
which is good for website use and easy to distinguish for viewers.

For the navigation, I put a navigation bar on the left side of the page. This bar is fixed, so that 
when the content does not fit on the screen and you have to scroll down you don't have to scroll up to 
view the navigation. I made it this way so that it would be easier for viewers to get around the site. 
The navigation includes all the pages, not only the pages that the viewer is not on currently, so that
the viewer can always see how the whole website is oriented. 

For the overall layout, I fixed the header and the navigation but not the content to the page. This 
way it creates the feeling that the inner content is boxed up by the header and the navigation, and
when you scroll down you can see more of the content that is boxed up. I oriented it this way to 
give the whole page more structure, and so that no matter what content you are viewing you always
know what page you are on and what your options are from there. 

For the form I made it so that after you submit it it goes back to the same page. This is so that 
if you submitted it wrongly, you will be given a chance to submit it again. If you submitted
it correctly you would be given one of two outcomes: compatible or not. This uses the same
layout code so I did not want to make another page for it. I used post for the form so that
people cannot easily see the values that were entered into the form.

Also, for the navigation, I made a seperate page and required it on every page, so I don't have to
write too much redundant code. 